ACTION_NOTIFICATION_LISTENER_SETTINGS" android:required="true
Adliran.ir.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
Developers.ARMXAN.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
INTERACT_ACROSS_USERS
PERMISSION_WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
REQUEST_INSTALL_PACKAGES
Rahbar.Api.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
TASKS
adv.roma.sll.app.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
air.com.arsnetworks.poems.moshiri.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
andoid.permission.RECEIVE_MMS
andorid.permission.MONUN_UNMOUNT_FILESYSTEMS
android.Manifest.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE
android.Manifest.permission.READ_PRIVILEGED_PHONE_STATE
android.Manifest.permission.REAL_GET_TASK
android.hardware.camera
android.hardware.camera.autofocus
android.hardware.camera.flash
android.hardware.camera2.full
android.intent.action.BOOT_COMPLETED
android.intent.action.NEW_OUTGOING_CALL
android.intent.category.MASTER_CLEAR.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
android.monitor.permission.ANDROID_MONITOR_CHECKER
android.os.storage.action.MANAGE_STORAGE
android.os.storage.extra.REQUESTED_BYTES
android.permission-group.CAMERA
android.permission-group.CONTACTS
android.permission-group.MICROPHONE
android.permission-group.PHONE
android.permission-group.SMS
android.permission-group.STORAGE
android.permission.ACCESS _NETWORK_STATE
android.permission.ACCESS_ALL_DOWNLOADS
android.permission.ACCESS_ALL_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
android.permission.ACCESS_BACKGROUND_LOCATION
android.permission.ACCESS_BACKGROUND_LOCATION" android:required="true
android.permission.ACCESS_BACKGROUND_N
android.permission.ACCESS_BACKGROUND_SERVICE
android.permission.ACCESS_CACHE_FILESYSTEM
android.permission.ACCESS_CHECKIN_PROPERTIES
android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION
android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION" android:required="true
android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_UPDATES
android.permission.ACCESS_CONTEXT_HUB
android.permission.ACCESS_DOWNLOAD_MANAGER
android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION
android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION" android:required="true
android.permission.ACCESS_GPS
android.permission.ACCESS_IMS_CALL_SERVICE
android.permission.ACCESS_INSTANT_APPS
android.permission.ACCESS_KEYGUARD_SECURE_STORAGE
android.permission.ACCESS_LOCATION
android.permission.ACCESS_LOCATION_EXTRA_COMMANDS
android.permission.ACCESS_MEDIA_LOCATION
android.permission.ACCESS_MOCK_LOCATION
android.permission.ACCESS_MTK_MMHW
android.permission.ACCESS_MTP
android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE
android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE" android:required="true
android.permission.ACCESS_NOTIFICATION_POLICY
android.permission.ACCESS_NOTIFICATION_POLICY" android:required="true
android.permission.ACCESS_SUPERUSER
android.permission.ACCESS_SURFACE_FLINGER
android.permission.ACCESS_WAKE_LOCK
android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE
android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE" android:required="true
android.permission.ACCESS_WIMAX_STATE
android.permission.ACCOUNT_MANAGER
android.permission.ACTION_MANAGE_OVERLAY_PERMISSION
android.permission.ACTION_MANAGE_OVERLAY_PERMISSION" android:required="true
android.permission.ACTIVITY_RECOGNITION
android.permission.ADD_VOICEMAIL
android.permission.ANSWER_PHONE_CALLS
android.permission.AUTHENTICATE_ACCOUNTS
android.permission.Ad_ID
android.permission.BACKGROUND_SERVICE
android.permission.BACKUP
android.permission.BATTERY_STATS
android.permission.BIND_ACCESSIBILITY_SERVICE
android.permission.BIND_APPWIDGET
android.permission.BIND_ATTENTION_SERVICE
android.permission.BIND_CARRIER_MESSAGING_CLIENT_SERVICE
android.permission.BIND_CONNECTION_SERVICE
android.permission.BIND_DEVICE_ADMIN
android.permission.BIND_INCALL_SERVICE
android.permission.BIND_INPUT_METHOD
android.permission.BIND_JOB_SERVICE
android.permission.BIND_NETWORK_RECOMMENDATION_SERVICE
android.permission.BIND_NOTIFICATION_LISTENER_SERVICE
android.permission.BIND_REMOTEVIEWS
android.permission.BIND_SLICE
android.permission.BIND_WALLPAPER
android.permission.BLUETOOTH
android.permission.BLUETOOTH_ADMIN
android.permission.BLUETOOTH_CONNECT
android.permission.BODY_SENSORS
android.permission.BRICK
android.permission.BROADCAST_CALLLOG_INFO
android.permission.BROADCAST_PACKAGE_ADDED
android.permission.BROADCAST_PACKAGE_CHANGED
android.permission.BROADCAST_PACKAGE_INSTALL
android.permission.BROADCAST_PACKAGE_REMOVED
android.permission.BROADCAST_PACKAGE_REPLACED
android.permission.BROADCAST_PHONE_ACCOUNT_REGISTRATION
android.permission.BROADCAST_SMS
android.permission.BROADCAST_STICKY
android.permission.BROADCAST_WAP_PUSH
android.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
android.permission.CALL_PHONE
android.permission.CALL_PRIVILEGED
android.permission.CAMERA
android.permission.CAMERA" android:required="false
android.permission.CAMERA" android:required="true
android.permission.CAPTURE_AUDIO_HOTWORD
android.permission.CAPTURE_AUDIO_OUTPUT
android.permission.CAPTURE_MEDIA_OUTPUT
android.permission.CAPTURE_SECURE_VIDEO_OUTPUT
android.permission.CAPTURE_VIDEO_OUTPUT
android.permission.CHANGE_COMPONENT_ENABLED_STATE
android.permission.CHANGE_CONFIGURATION
android.permission.CHANGE_DEVICE_IDLE_TEMP_WHITELIST
android.permission.CHANGE_NETWORK_STATE
android.permission.CHANGE_WIFI_MULTICAST_STATE
android.permission.CHANGE_WIFI_STATE
android.permission.CHANGE_WIFI_STATE" android:required="true
android.permission.CHANGE_WIMAX_STATE
android.permission.CLEAR_APP_CACHE
android.permission.CLEAR_APP_USER_DATA
android.permission.CONFIRM_FULL_BACKUP
android.permission.CONNECTIVITY_USE_RESTRICTED_NETWORKS
android.permission.CONTROL_LOCATION_UPDATES
android.permission.CONTROL_VPN
android.permission.CREATE_USERS
android.permission.DELETE_CACHE_FILES
android.permission.DELETE_PACKAGES
android.permission.DEVICE_POWER
android.permission.DIAGNOSTIC
android.permission.DISABLE_KEYGUARD
android.permission.DISAE_KEYGUARD
android.permission.DOWNLOAD_WITHOUT_NOTIFICATION
android.permission.DUMP
android.permission.EXPAND_STATUS_BAR
android.permission.FACTORY_TEST
android.permission.FLASHLIGHT
android.permission.FLASHLIGHT" android:permissionGroup="android.permission-group.HARDWARE_CONTROLS" android:protectionLevel="normal" android:required="false
android.permission.FLASHLIGHT" android:required="false
android.permission.FORCE_BACK
android.permission.FORCE_STOP_PACKAGES
android.permission.FOREFGROUND_SERVICE
android.permission.FOREGROUND_SERVICE
android.permission.GET_ACCOUNTS
android.permission.GET_ACCOUNTS" android:required="true
android.permission.GET_APP_GRANTED_URI_PERMISSIONS
android.permission.GET_CLIPS
android.permission.GET_INTENT_SENDER_INTENT
android.permission.GET_PACKAGE_SIZE
android.permission.GET_TASKS
android.permission.GET_TASKS" android:required="true
android.permission.GET_TOP_ACTIVITY_INFO
android.permission.GLOBAL_SEARCH
android.permission.HANDLE_CALL_INTENT
android.permission.HANDLE_CAR_MODE_CHANGES
android.permission.HARDWARE_TEST
android.permission.HIDE_OVERLAY_WINDOWS
android.permission.INJECT_EVENTS
android.permission.INSTALL_DRM
android.permission.INSTALL_LOCATION_PROVIDER
android.permission.INSTALL_PACKAGES
android.permission.INSTALL_SHORTCUT
android.permission.INSTANT_APP_FOREGROUND_SERVICE
android.permission.INTERACT_ACROSS_USERS
android.permission.INTERACT_ACROSS_USERS" android:protectionLevel="signature
android.permission.INTERACT_ACROSS_USERS_FULL
android.permission.INTERACT_ACROSS_USERS_FULL" android:protectionLevel="signature
android.permission.INTERNAL_SYSTEM_WINDOW
android.permission.INTERNET
android.permission.INTERNET" android:required="true
android.permission.KILL_BACKGROUND_PROCESSES
android.permission.LOADER_USAGE_STATS
android.permission.LOCAL_MAC_ADDRESS
android.permission.LOCATION_HARDWARE
android.permission.MANAGE_ACCOUNTS
android.permission.MANAGE_APP_TOKENS
android.permission.MANAGE_DEVICE_ADMINS
android.permission.MANAGE_DOCUMENTS
android.permission.MANAGE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
android.permission.MANAGE_MEDIA
android.permission.MANAGE_ONGOING_CALLS
android.permission.MANAGE_ROLE_HOLDERS
android.permission.MANAGE_USERS
android.permission.MASTER_CLEAR
android.permission.MEDIA_BUTTON
android.permission.MEDIA_CONTENT_CONTROL
android.permission.MEDIA_RESOURCE_OVERRIDE_PID
android.permission.MICROPHONE
android.permission.MMS_SEND_OUTBOX_MSG
android.permission.MODIFY_AUDIO_ROUTING
android.permission.MODIFY_AUDIO_SETTINGS
android.permission.MODIFY_PHONE_STATE
android.permission.MOUNT_FORMAT_FILESYSTEMS
android.permission.MOUNT_UNMOUNT_FILESYSTEMS
android.permission.NEW_OUTGOING_CALL
android.permission.NFC
android.permission.NFC_TRANSACTION_EVENT
android.permission.OVERRIDE_WIFI_CONFIG
android.permission.PACKAGE_USAGE_STATS
android.permission.PERMISSION_CALL_PHONE
android.permission.PERSISTENT_ACTIVITY
android.permission.PHONE
android.permission.PHONE_STATE
android.permission.POST_NOTIFICATIONS
android.permission.PROCESS_INCOMING_CALLS
android.permission.PROCESS_OUTGOING_CALLS
android.permission.PROCESS_OUTGOING_CALLS" android:required="true
android.permission.QUERY_ALL_PACKAGES
android.permission.QUICKBOOT_POWERON
android.permission.QUICKBOOT_POWERON" android:required="false
android.permission.READ_APP_BADGE
android.permission.READ_BLOCKED_NUMBERS
android.permission.READ_CALENDAR
android.permission.READ_CALL_LOG
android.permission.READ_CALL_LOG" android:required="true
android.permission.READ_CELL_BROADCASTS
android.permission.READ_CONTACTS
android.permission.READ_CONTACTS" android:required="true
android.permission.READ_DEVICE_CONFIG
android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE" android:required="true
android.permission.READ_FRAME_BUFFER
android.permission.READ_HISTORY_BOOKMARKS
android.permission.READ_INPUT_STATE
android.permission.READ_INSTALL_SESSIONS
android.permission.READ_INTERNAL_STORAGE
android.permission.READ_LOGS
android.permission.READ_MEDIA_STORAGE
android.permission.READ_MMS
android.permission.READ_OWNER_DATA
android.permission.READ_PHONE_NUMBERS
android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE
android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE" android:required="true
android.permission.READ_PRECISE_PHONE_STATE
android.permission.READ_PRIVILEGED_PHONE_STATE
android.permission.READ_PROFILE
android.permission.READ_SETTINGS
android.permission.READ_SMS
android.permission.READ_SMS" android:required="true
android.permission.READ_SOCIAL_STREAM
android.permission.READ_SYNC_SETTINGS
android.permission.READ_SYNC_STATS
android.permission.READ_USER_DICTIONARY
android.permission.REAL_GET_TASKS
android.permission.REAL_GET_TASKS" android:required="true
android.permission.REBOOT
android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED
android.permission.RECEIVE_LAUNCH_BROADCASTS
android.permission.RECEIVE_MMS
android.permission.RECEIVE_SMS
android.permission.RECEIVE_SMS" android:required="true
android.permission.RECEIVE_USER_PRESENT
android.permission.RECEIVE_WAP_PUSH
android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO
android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO" android:required="false
android.permission.RECORD_VIDEO
android.permission.REORDER_TASKS
android.permission.REPLACE_EXISTING_PACKAGE
android.permission.REQUEST_COMPANION_PROFILE_WATCH
android.permission.REQUEST_COMPANION_RUN_IN_BACKGROUND
android.permission.REQUEST_COMPANION_START_FOREGROUND_SERVICES_FROM_BACKGROUND
android.permission.REQUEST_COMPANION_USE_DATA_IN_BACKGROUND
android.permission.REQUEST_DELETE_PACKAGES
android.permission.REQUEST_IGNORE_BATTERY_OPTIMIZATIONS
android.permission.REQUEST_INSTALL_PACKAGE
android.permission.REQUEST_INSTALL_PACKAGES
android.permission.REQUEST_PASSWORD_COMPLEXITY
android.permission.RESTART_PACKAGES
android.permission.SCHEDULE_EXACT_ALARM
android.permission.SCHEDULE_EXACT_ALARM_PERMISSION_STATE_CHANGED
android.permission.SEND_DOWNLOAD_COMPLETED_INTENTS
android.permission.SEND_MMS
android.permission.SEND_RESPOND_VIA_MESSAGE
android.permission.SEND_SHOW_SUSPENDED_APP_DETAILS
android.permission.SEND_SMS
android.permission.SEND_SMS_NO_CONFIRMATION
android.permission.SET_ACTIVITY_WATCHER
android.permission.SET_ALARM
android.permission.SET_ALWAYS_FINISH
android.permission.SET_ANIMATION_SCALE
android.permission.SET_DEBUG_APP
android.permission.SET_ORIENTATION
android.permission.SET_PREFERRED_APPLICATIONS
android.permission.SET_PROCESS_LIMIT
android.permission.SET_TIME
android.permission.SET_TIME_ZONE
android.permission.SET_WALLPAPER
android.permission.SET_WALLPAPER_HINTS
android.permission.SHUTDOWN
android.permission.SIGNAL_PERSISTENT_PROCESSES
android.permission.START_ACTIVITIES_FROM_BACKGROUND
android.permission.START_FOREGROUND_SERVICES_FROM_BACKGROUND
android.permission.START_VIEW_PERMISSION_USAGE
android.permission.STATUS_BAR
android.permission.STATUS_BAR_SERVICE
android.permission.STOP_APP_SWITCHES
android.permission.STORAGE
android.permission.SUBSCRIBED_FEEDS_READ
android.permission.SUBSCRIBED_FEEDS_WRITE
android.permission.SUBSTITUTE_NOTIFICATION_APP_NAME
android.permission.SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW
android.permission.SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW" android:required="true
android.permission.SYSTEM_CAMERA
android.permission.SYSTEM_OVERLAY_WINDOW
android.permission.TETHER_PRIVILEGED
android.permission.TRANSMIT_IR
android.permission.TRIGGER_TIME_ZONE_RULES_CHECK
android.permission.UNINSTALL_SHORTCUT
android.permission.UPDATE_APP_OPS_STATS
android.permission.UPDATE_DEVICE_STATS
android.permission.UPDATE_LOCK
android.permission.USES_POLICY_FORCE_LOCK
android.permission.USE_BIOMETRIC
android.permission.USE_CREDENTIALS
android.permission.USE_FINGERPRINT
android.permission.USE_FULL_SCREEN_INTENT
android.permission.USE_SIP
android.permission.VIBRATE
android.permission.WAKE_LOCK
android.permission.WAKE_LOCK" android:required="false
android.permission.WRITE_APN_SETTINGS
android.permission.WRITE_BLOCKED_NUMBERS
android.permission.WRITE_CALENDAR
android.permission.WRITE_CALL_LOG
android.permission.WRITE_CLIPS
android.permission.WRITE_CONTACTS
android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE" android:required="true
android.permission.WRITE_GSERVICES
android.permission.WRITE_HISTORY_BOOKMARKS
android.permission.WRITE_INTERNAL_STORAGE
android.permission.WRITE_INTERNAL_STORAGE 
android.permission.WRITE_MEDIA_STORAGE
android.permission.WRITE_MEDIA_STORAGE 
android.permission.WRITE_OWNER_DATA
android.permission.WRITE_PROFILE
android.permission.WRITE_SECURE_SETTINGS
android.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
android.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS" android:required="false
android.permission.WRITE_SMS
android.permission.WRITE_SMS" android:required="true
android.permission.WRITE_SOCIAL_STREAM
android.permission.WRITE_SYNC_SETTINGS
android.permission.WRITE_USER_DICTIONARY
android.provider.Telephony.SMS_RECEIVED
android.settings.MANAGE_ALL_FILES_ACCESS_PERMISSION
android.settings.NOTIFICATION_POLICY_ACCESS_SETTINGS
android.webkit.permission.PLUGIN
aps.js.piste.asd.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
baoqipqz.mbpz.khggd
bcemr.fjshnci.xfanv
bloodglucosetracking.healthapp.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
br.com.daggers.gameap.DYNAMIC_RECEIVER_NOT_EXPORTED_PERMISSION
butonelauncher.bigstone.messengehome.textsmsscreen.permission.QSB
butonelauncher.bigstone.messengehome.textsmsscreen.permission.READ_SETTINGS
butonelauncher.bigstone.messengehome.textsmsscreen.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
bxfbww.hfwsr.sfqajqd
caco333.ca.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
center.bestlinks.samuraivpn.batch.permission.INTERNAL_BROADCAST
cn.nubia.launcher.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.Moein.Defeser.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.actionlauncher.playstore.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.adjust.preinstall.READ_PERMISSION
com.amenzement.screenmessenger.permission.QSB
com.amenzement.screenmessenger.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.amenzement.screenmessenger.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
com.anddoes.launcher.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.anddoes.launcher.permission.UPDATE_COUNT
com.anddoes.launcher.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
com.android.alarm.permission.SET_ALARM
com.android.browser.permission.READ_HISTORY_BOOKMARKS
com.android.browser.permission.READ_HISTORY_BOOKMARKS" android:required="true
com.android.browser.permission.WRITE_HISTORY_BOOKMARKS
com.android.chrome.permission.READ_WRITE_BOOKMARK_FOLDERS
com.android.email.permission.ACCESS_PROVIDER
com.android.email.permission.READ_ATTACHMENT
com.android.email.provider.EmailProvider
com.android.fileexplorer.permission.ota
com.android.launcher.permission.ID
com.android.launcher.permission.INSTALL_SHORTCUT
com.android.launcher.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.android.launcher.permission.UNINSTALL_SHORTCUT
com.android.launcher.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
com.android.launcher2.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.android.launcher2.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
com.android.launcher3.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.android.launcher3.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
com.android.launcher4.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.android.launcher4.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
com.android.mylauncher.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.android.mylauncher.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
com.android.permission.UNINSTALL_SHORTCUT
com.android.setting.permission.ALLSHARE_CAST_SERVICE
com.android.vending.BILLING
com.android.vending.CHECK_LICENSE
com.android.voicemail.permission.ADD_VOICEMAIL
com.app.homecleaning.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.app.projectappkora.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.apusapps.launcher.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.arshad.map.permission.MAPS_RECEIVE
com.asus.msa.SupplementaryDID.ACCESS
com.backup.tt.andpermission.bridge
com.barbarahenrietta.livewallpaper.DYNAMIC_RECEIVER_NOT_EXPORTED_PERMISSION
com.bbk.launcher2.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.beans.love.messdage.grow.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.beliving.homemesssage.permission.QSB
com.beliving.homemesssage.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.beliving.homemesssage.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
com.bring.pressureback.tostability.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.burtonben.goodlauncher.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.cehennem.mobile.app.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.cheshmak.falkadeh.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.cleanmaster.permission.sdk.clean
com.clem.isisnews.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.codeherdy.momiy.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.codeherdy.momiy_com.anddoes.launcher.permission.UPDATE_COUNT
com.codeherdy.momiy_com.google.android.c2dm.permission.RECEIVE
com.codeherdy.momiy_com.google.android.finsky.permission.BIND_GET_INSTALL_REFERRER_SERVICE
com.codeherdy.momiy_com.majeur.launcher.permission.UPDATE_BADGE
com.codeherdy.momiy_com.oppo.launcher.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.codeherdy.momiy_com.oppo.launcher.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
com.codeherdy.momiy_me.everything.badger.permission.BADGE_COUNT_READ
com.codeherdy.momiy_me.everything.badger.permission.BADGE_COUNT_WRITE
com.color.cool.wst.permission.FRAMEWORK_SECURITY
com.coloros.mcs.permission.RECIEVE_MCS_MESSAGE
com.ctiklove.photocollage.DYNAMIC_RECEIVER_NOT_EXPORTED_PERMISSION
com.custom.keyboardthemes.galaxiy.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.datemark.camera.fulleffect.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.dayara.lovesticker.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.defa4er.mehrab.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.dfcrdm.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.easticker.tms.permission
com.ebproductions.android.launcher.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.ebproductions.android.launcher.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
com.expression.kept.current.keyboardthemes.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.facebook.katana.provider.ACCESS
com.facebook.mlite.provider.ACCESS
com.facebook.orca.provider.ACCESS
com.facebook.permission.prod.FB_APP_COMMUNICATION
com.facebook.receiver.permission.ACCESS
com.facebook.services.identity.FEO2
com.facebook.wakizashi.provider.ACCESS
com.fang.colorem.message.permission.FRAMEWORK_SECURITY
com.farsitel.bazaar.permission.PAY_THROUGH_BAZAAR
com.farsitel.bazaar.permission.PROCESS_PUSH_MSG
com.farsitel.bazaar.permission.PUSH_PROVIDER
com.farsitel.bazaar.permission.REFERRER
com.fashion.bringful.smsfor.permission.FRAMEWORK_SECURITY
com.favorable.savechat.messenger.permission.FRAMEWORK_SECURITY
com.fede.launcher.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.fede.launcher.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
com.fp.backup.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.funnychat.chatsms.message.message.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.gentle.personal.messages.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.google.android.c2dm.permission.RECEIVE
com.google.android.finsky.permission.BIND_GET_INSTALL_REFERRER_SERVICE
com.google.android.gms.permission.ACTIVITY_RECOGNITION
com.google.android.gms.permission.AD_ID
com.google.android.gms.permission.AD_ID_NOTIFICATION
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.OTHER_SERVICES
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.YouTubeUser
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.adsense
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.adwords
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.ah
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.android
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.androidsecure
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.blogger
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.cl
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.cp
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.dodgeball
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.finance
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.gbase
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.grandcentral
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.groups2
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.health
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.ig
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.jotspot
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.knol
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.lh2
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.local
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.mail
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.mobile
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.news
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.notebook
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.orkut
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.print
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.sierra
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.sierraqa
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.sierrasandbox
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.sitemaps
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.speech
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.speechpersonalization
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.talk
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.wifi
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.wise
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.writely
com.google.android.googleapps.permission.GOOGLE_AUTH.youtube
com.google.android.launcher.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.google.android.providers.gmail.permission.READ_GMAIL
com.google.android.providers.gsf.permission.READ_GSERVICES
com.google.android.providers.talk.permission.READ_ONLY
com.google.android.providers.talk.permission.WRITE_ONLY
com.gorgeousapp.mittingchatymessages.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.gtavi.app.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.hamgaam.shahnamef.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.hddoc.hink.DYNAMIC_RECEIVER_NOT_EXPORTED_PERMISSION
com.hellochat.interestingchatting.newtoolmessages.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.hichip.campro.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.hichip.campro.permission.MIPUSH_RECEIVE
com.hichip.campro.permission.PROCESS_PUSH_MSG
com.hichip.campro.permission.PUSH_PROVIDER
com.hichip.campro.push.permission.MESSAGE
com.hotlinevpnforgalaxy.fastapp.batch.permission.INTERNAL_BROADCAST
com.htc.launcher.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.htc.launcher.permission.UPDATE_SHORTCUT
com.htc.launcher.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
com.huawei.android.launcher.permission.CHANGE_BADGE
com.huawei.android.launcher.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.huawei.android.launcher.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
com.huawei.appmarket.service.commondata.permission.GET_COMMON_DATA
com.huawei.launcher2.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.huawei.launcher2.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
com.huawei.launcher3.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.huawei.launcher3.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
com.huawei.permission.external_app_settings.USE_COMPONENT
com.huawei.systemmanager.permission.ACCESS_INTERFACE
com.intense.pub1.sbgs.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.kikatech.clavier.permission.INFO
com.latedroid.juicedefender.permission.CONTROL_JUICEDEFENDER
com.latedroid.juicedefender.permission.TOGGLE_MOBILE_DATA
com.lenovo.launcher.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.lge.launcher.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.lge.launcher.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
com.loveeeee.spsms.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.luchat.mtext.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.lydia.dev.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.majeur.launcher.permission.UPDATE_BADGE
com.majorityapps.exoticflowers.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.marinabradley.pocolauncher.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.marinabradley.pocolauncher.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
com.me.smsmessages.freedom.permission.FRAMEWORK_SECURITY
com.meiritapps.bptracker.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.meizu.c2dm.permission.RECEIVE
com.meizu.flyme.launcher.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.meizu.flyme.push.permission.RECEIVE
com.message.game.india.permission
com.message.sms.me.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.messages.bellized.permission
com.messages.chat.free.text.messaging.sms.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.messaging.powerful.messenger.textmessage.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.messenger.Message.readily.permission
com.mezwyh.owuftjkv.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.mezwyh.owuftjkv.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
com.mgoogle.android.c2dm.permission.RECEIVE
com.mgoogle.android.c2dm.permission.SEND
com.mgoogle.android.gtalkservice.permission.GTALK_SERVICE
com.mi.android.globalFileexplorer.permission.DIRPARSE
com.mi.android.globallauncher.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.mi.android.globallauncher.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
com.michalmark.timestampcamera.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.mittx.message.permission
com.miui.antispam.permission.CONTENTPROVIDER
com.miui.cleanmaster.permission.InstallCleanMaster
com.miui.gallery.permission.USE_API
com.miui.hybrid.permission.LAUNCH_RESULT
com.miui.mihome2.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.miui.mipub.permission.READ_HEDUOHAO
com.miui.mipub.permission.WRITE_HEDUOHAO
com.miui.msa.global.permission.MIPUSH_RECEIVE
com.miui.systemAdSolution.adSwitch.PROVIDER
com.miui.wmsvc.permission.LAUNCH
com.miui.yellowpage.permission.ACCESS_YELLOWPAGE
com.miui.yellowpage.permission.BROADCAST_EVENT
com.mobisystems.office.licenses
com.munica.mun.messages.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.mx.launcher.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.nabat.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.nd.android.launcher.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.notonlytext.tryeasymessagingsms.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.oppo.launcher.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.oppo.launcher.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
com.ops.tm.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.overview.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.photo2emoji.makestickers.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.psiphon3.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.pushalarms.cryptoalarm.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.qihoo.appstore.rtservice.ACCESS_RTSERVICE
com.qihoo360.launcher.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.qihoo360.launcher.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
com.qiku.launcher.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.qti.permission.AUDIO
com.qti.permission.DIAG
com.qti.permission.RECEIVE_CALLCOMPOSER_INFO
com.ramadan.kareem.app.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.reachsms.emojimessenger.diversitylightsms.permission.FRAMEWORK_SECURITY
com.relish.messengers.permission.FRAMEWORK_SECURITY
com.rez.ir.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.s.launcher.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.sbdlsms.crazymessager.mmsrec.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.sec.android.app.twlauncher.settings.READ_SETTINGS
com.sec.android.app.twlauncher.settings.WRITE_SETTINGS
com.sec.android.iap.permission.BILLING
com.sec.android.provider.badge.permission.READ
com.sec.android.provider.badge.permission.WRITE
com.sec.android.provider.logsprovider.permission.READ_LOGS
com.sec.android.provider.logsprovider.permission.WRITE_LOGS
com.shortentimelico.stylishemojimessags.permission
com.slhytrowb.wfxaicaiw.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.slhytrowb.wfxaicaiw.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
com.smart.cmmapp.launcher.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.smart.cmmapp.launcher.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.smart.cmmapp.launcher.permission.READ_THEME
com.smart.cmmapp.launcher.permission.RECEIVE_LAUNCH_BROADCASTS
com.smart.cmmapp.launcher.permission.RECEIVE_THEME_UPDATE
com.smart.cmmapp.launcher.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
com.smart.cmmapp.launcher.pro.permission.LVL_PURCHASE
com.sms.qiatext.messagesing.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.sonyericsson.home.permission.BROADCAST_BADGE
com.sonymobile.home.permission.PROVIDER_INSERT_BADGE
com.sonymobile.permission.CAMERA_ADDON
com.ssd.vipre.permission.BACKUP_REQUEST
com.ssd.vipre.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.sxsaxxa.tim.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.tencent.mobileqq.permission.PROCESS_PUSH_MSG
com.tencent.mobileqq.permission.PUSH_PROVIDER
com.tencent.qqlauncher.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.tencent.qqlauncher.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
com.teslacoilsw.launcher.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.test.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.texte.ptmmessage.permission
com.themesmultila.galaxyskykeyboard.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.tme.messageliting.permission
com.tsf.shell.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.vei.messenger.wallpaper.permission.FRAMEWORK_SECURITY
com.vivo.notification.permission.BADGE_ICON
com.vivo.permission.manage.permission.ACCESS
com.vivo.permissionmanager.provider.write
com.wang.gothemes.permission.FRAMEWORK_SECURITY
com.wzogle.zndroid.yacfup.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.xiaomi.gallery.permission.CLOUD
com.xiaomi.permission.AUTH_SERVICE
com.xiaomi.permission.WAKE_LOCK
com.xiaomi.xmsf.permission.USE_XMSF_UPLOAD
com.yanles.smsonline.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
com.yiao.colorsms.emojimessage.permission.FRAMEWORK_SECURITY
com.yulong.android.launcher.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.yulong.android.launcher3.READ_SETTINGS
com.yulong.android.launcher3.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.yulong.android.launcherL.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.zte.mifavor.launcher.permission.READ_SETTINGS
com.ztemt.launcher.permission.READ_SETTINGS
ctr.teodor.nipald.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
cvgzi.vqqmti.cdyqr
dianxin.permission.ACCESS_LAUNCHER_DATA
edward.org.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
euzmq.ioagm.ghpclwe
family.atz.iAssist.CNGEH
flht.aemrcbs.hrufe
fungame.weboxs.messages.permission
hsteevg.kptihnje.sfemfb
iccqdwt.rawtruaf.bagpsg
ijktuyhy.hqcmcq.rsckpy
io.gonative.android.rzqeqj.permission.C2D_MESSAGEab
ir.Netw.dev.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
ir.PluTus.pluto.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
ir.amir.ir.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
ir.joorj.tel.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
ir.seler.sie.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
ir.shz.shzkisi.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
ir.stop.devsalm.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
ir.stop.devsalmedime.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
ir.stop.mrnull.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
ir.stop.tim.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
laung.personalsms.defscreen.promessage.permission.QSB
laung.personalsms.defscreen.promessage.permission.READ_SETTINGS
laung.personalsms.defscreen.promessage.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
me.everything.badger.permission.BADGE_COUNT_READ
me.everything.badger.permission.BADGE_COUNT_WRITE
merous.emojis.message.sms.permission
messenger.itext.emoji.mesenger.permission
miui.permission.AD_COMMON_PERMISSION_SYSTEM_OR_SIGNATURE
miui.permission.BLE_IMMEDIATE_ALERT
miui.permission.USE_INTERNAL_GENERAL_API
my.toprat.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
net.LydiaTeam.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
net.dinglisch.android.tasker.PERMISSION_RUN_TASKS
net.qihoo.launcher.permission.READ_SETTINGS
net.qihoo.launcher.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
normal.manoto.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
oppo.permission.OPPO_COMPONENT_SAFE
org.adw.launcher.permission.READ_SETTINGS
org.adw.launcher.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
org.adw.launcher_donut.permission.READ_SETTINGS
org.adw.launcher_donut.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
org.adwfreak.launcher.permission.READ_SETTINGS
org.adwfreak.launcher.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
org.mgoogle.gms.STATUS_BROADCAST
org.system.kernel.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
org.traccar.client.hidden.DYNAMIC_RECEIVER_NOT_EXPORTED_PERMISSION
pejxoika.uzsxsi.bisnecd
pfoph.ryxrplq.dyek
piste.security.path.vf.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
pphnxshu.bhxe.rxgklxny
qrzsznko.gsgeyz.fztiy
qsb.message.sunny.launchercreen.permission
rocjg.zryrnc.jenozgd
ryxitxm.xivsvk.baxj
rzcad.qkwoooz.ualxq
sbsqcjq.wdvo.tcrgdagx
sedv.yfem.nfjzi
sms.funny.message.uny.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
telecom.mdesk.permission.READ_SETTINGS
telecom.mdesk.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
tepq.uzady.ocdcney
tscvi.fsgab.ocdk
uhsuzzz.amnmqzu.mwhmsxyp
veodio.whwhyqrm.vffn
werwerwee.qwetrydsf.yfdefes.permission.READ_SETTINGS
werwerwee.qwetrydsf.yfdefes.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
wiwxmg.lcsgvbpm.bcoizp
www.devil.ir.permission.C2D_MESSAGE
xnnhzh.fddnmemj.yhocdl
young.denkeng.borlin.permission
ywnamlak.ouxlg.tvmy
zxmdqpjb.kofjmb.sxcltbg